<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="t-resources">
    <title>Internship Resources</title>
    <shortdesc>Internships are one of many ways to get experience during college, and there are many
        locations to find internships. While some outlets can be found through Virgina Tech, there
        are also many other locations that offer internship opportunites. There are many types of
        intership experiences, including field study, part-time, volunteering, shadowing and much
        more.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <context>This page provides some of the best outlets to find internships, whether it be
            through Virginia Tech, or an outside source.<p><b>Through Virginia
            Tech</b></p></context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd><b>Hokies4Hire:</b> (<xref href="https://www.myinterfase.com/vt/Account/LogOn"
                        format="html" scope="external">)</xref>This link takes you to the log in
                    page for Hokies4Hire, once logged in you can navigate job opportunities, career
                    events, modify your profile and much more.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd><b>Career Fairs:</b>(<xref href="http://career.vt.edu/events/Career-fairs.html"
                        format="html" scope="external">)</xref>Here is a link to the Virgina Tech
                    career fair/job fair page, here you can find information on department specific
                    career fairs, including dates, locations and more. </cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd><b>Career Shift:</b>(<xref href="http://www.careershift.com/?sc=VT"
                        format="html" scope="external">)</xref>Career shift is a free outlet for
                    Virginia Tech students to marekt themselves to millions of jobs. This site
                    provides in-depth acess to company information as well as millions of resume and
                    cover letter templates to work with.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd><b>GoinGlobal:</b>(<xref href="https://db.career.vt.edu/scripts/GoingGlobal/"
                        format="html" scope="external">)</xref>This Link will take you to the
                    Virginia Tech login page for GoinGlobal, input your VT PID and password to gain
                    access to career guides, jobs, interships and more.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd><b>Career Spots Video:</b>(<xref
                        href="https://www.careerspots.com/newplayer/default.aspx?key=5BB4o706AL5UzHU0fpObpg2&amp;src=VLI"
                        format="aspx" scope="external">)</xref>Scroll through mulptiple help videos
                    that cover topics from building a resume to proper interview dress atire.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd><b>Candid Career:</b>(<xref
                        href="https://www.candidcareer.com/channels.php?shared=VATech&amp;UID=1342"
                        format="php" scope="external">)</xref>Candid Career offers hundreds of
                    interviews from professionals in their respective fields.</cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
        <context> Internship opportunities can be found in many different locations, not just
            through Virginia Tech. Here is a list of some of the most popular internship
                    outlets.<p><b>Outside Sources</b></p></context>
      <steps>
          <step>
                <cmd><b>Indeed.com: </b>(<xref href="https://www.indeed.com" format="html"
                        scope="external">)</xref>Indeed is one of the most popular online job
                    listing sites. It is home to millions of Internships, full-time, and part-times
                    jobs as well as much more. Through this link, put in the position you are
                    looking for and the area in which you want to work, and begin searching.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd><b>Internships.com:</b>(<xref href="http://www.internships.com/student"
                        format="html" scope="external">)</xref>Another popular site for students to
                    find interhips is no other place than Internships.com, Make sure to create a
                    student account to get the most out of this site.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd><b>Simplyhired.com:</b>(<xref href="http://www.simplyhired.com" format="html"
                        scope="external">)</xref>Everything you need to know about simplyhired.com
                    is in the name, This site offers millions of job listings for a variety of
                    different fields.</cmd>
            </step>
      </steps> 
    </taskbody>
</task>



    
  
